(Yuma)
Last time on
"Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL"...
(Yuma)
I'm gonna beat
you, Vector!
And for what you did to Ray...
I promise I'll make you pay.
Utopia Ray V...
slice Masquerade with
Spinning Blades of Destruction!
Ray...
Ray, you're okay!
(gasping)
Go Barian Battlemorph!
Vector!
You disguised yourself as Ray.
What did you do with
him, Vector?
I'm Vector...
and I'm your
little friend Ray, too!
The Vector you dueled before
and the one who's been
dueling you here were my clones.
But the whole time, I,
the real Vector,
took the form of your
very good friend Ray Shadows.
"Ray" was a Barian.
I attack with Utopia Ray V!
Go!
I activate the
trap Vain Betrayer!
For every "V" card that was
sent to the graveyard,
five cards in your deck go
straight to the graveyard too!
He destroyed your deck.
You only have three cards left.
The game's already over
for all of you!
♪ ♪
♪ Still together as one
cuz divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way
you know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today
you just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears are gone
erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
'til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight
together regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪ ♪
You and your friends
are doomed!
Doomed...
because of you!
You're through, Yuma.
There's nothing left for you.
No revenge.
No victory.
Nothing.
(Caswell)
I can't believe Ray
was a Barian.
I can't believe Yuma knew it
and kept it a secret from us!
But why would he do that?
I don't know, but he
must have had a good reason
I place...
I place one card facedown...
and end my turn.
And now, you'll suffer
Sargasso's effect!
(screaming)
You have more shocks
in store, Yuma.
Remember, every
time you play, you pay.
Vector clearly enjoys exploiting
the vulnerabilities
of human psychology to
advance his devious strategy.
Yeah, and it's all
because of me.
I was careless as well.
I should have suspected
something was not quite right
the very moment you
started playing
those evil Barian cards.
Just say it, Astral.
Just say that if I'd told
you about Ray being a Barian,
none of this would've happened!
Yuma...
At least that's honest!
You've been a very naughty boy,
keeping secrets from your
partner, Astral.
Vector won't let up
'till he tears Yuma down.
That rat.
What else do you
expect from a Barian?
You chose me over your partner.
That makes you a traitor!
You said that was to
protect Astral!
Ahhh... Excuses,
excuses!
Be quiet!
(Astral)
Yuma is falling
for Vector's mind games.
Why will Yuma not listen
to me anymore?
What is this...
This profound uneasiness?
It feels like a stain.
A blot of darkness
is growing...
What is it?
Let's get back to the duel!
My turn...
I draw!
I activate the spell card
Glorious Numbers!
When there are no
monsters on my field,
this card lets me summon a
Number from the graveyard!
So return, Number 104...
Masquerade!
But there's more!
Glorious Numbers also lets
me draw a card!
And then I'll I activate
Masquerade's special ability.
It sends one card in your
deck to the graveyard.
But when it uses
this special ability,
Masquerade can't attack.
Careful, Yuma.
You only have two cards left.
If you lose this duel,
you'll be stuck in
this wasteland forever.
And who knows what will
happen to the friends
who came with you?
Wait, you mean...
We're gonna be stuck
in Sargasso forever too?
That's cat-astophic!
We never should've come here!
Yuma...
Oh, that face of yours
is priceless!
That's why pretending to be
a friend to you pathetic humans
was so much fun!
You're the pathetic one!
I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
It is my move.
I activate Star Seraph
Sentry's special ability!
When this monster uses
one Overlay Unit,
your monster not only
loses all its special abilities,
but its attack points are
also slashed in half!
Go, Star Seraph Sentry!
Attack Shark Drake with
Lightning Cluster!
Shark!
Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon!
Attack Galaxion...
Tachyon Spiral of Destruction!
No!
Shark!
Kite!
(Vector) See what you've done?
Your friends are suffering
because of you.
Quiet!
It's my move and
I'm gonna activate
the trap card Shark Splash!
This card brings back
Shark Drake
but with 1,000
fewer attack points!
And you take damage equal to
Shark Drake's attack points!
All right!
Well done.
But you summoned
an Xyz Monster,
so you get hit
with Sargasso's effect.
Shark!
(Rio) It's okay.
Reginald knows exactly what
he's doing, Bronk.
Getting hit is
part of his strategy.
I place one card
facedown and end my turn.
My turn.
I draw!
Shark Drake it's time
to drag him to the deep!
Chaos Xyz Evolution!
Appear, Chaos Number 32:
Shark Drake Veiss!
Oh, no!
Here comes Sargasso's effect!
This is what Reginald wants.
He knows if you summon
Shark Drake Veiss
when you have 1,000
or more life points,
it gets destroyed.
He used Sargasso's effect to
take his own life points down
to 900 so his monster
would survive.
Whoa... that
really takes guts.
Not many duelists would
do what you did.
I am impressed.
I know someone like you.
You remind me of him.
Behind your wild words
and reckless actions,
I sense true skill.
I wish we could
have faced each other
under different circumstances.
Too bad that
will not be the case.
I'm not here to chat.
My turn.
I draw!
I activate the spell card
Triangle Evolution!
When I Xyz Summon,
my one monster counts
as three monsters!
I overlay three Level 8
Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragons!
Excellent.
Here it comes.
(Kite)
With these three monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon Neo Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon!
Sargasso's effect again!
Due to Triangle Evolution's
effect, Neo Galaxy-Eyes
loses 1,000 attack points.
Neo Galaxy-Eyes.
The stage has been set.
I activate
the trap Neutrino Dowsing!
I send one Overlay Unit
from Tachyon Dragon
and my Rank-Up-Magic
Barian's Force to the graveyard
to activate my spell's effect!
With Barian's Force I
can rank up my Xyz Monster
into a Chaos Xyz Monster!
I rebuild the Overlay Network
with my Rank 8 Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon!
Go Chaos Xyz Evolution!
Face the multiverse and ignite
new life into my great beast!
Come forth Chaos Number 107:
Neo Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon!
Now the time has come.
What's going on here?
Guys look!
The airship!
The airship's
getting swallowed up!
No!
My friends!
What is happening?
(Vector) Oh, that.
Now and then black holes
pop up here in Sargasso
and things get
sucked into them.
It's almost as if
Sargasso gets...
hungry.
How do we stop it?
There's no way.
(Cathy)
We have to escape or
we're done for!
Yuma.
Tori!
(Vector)
Of course I could
close that hole.
If I temporarily
increase the effect
of my Sargasso Lighthouse, I
might be able to save them.
I suppose I'd be
willing to try...
for a price.
What?
I'll try to save them...
if you give me all
your Numbers.
♪ ♪
So Yuma, will you give
me all your Numbers
in order to save your friends?
It's a tough choice, I know.
If you do, your partner
Astral will be gone forever.
If you don't, your friends in
the airship go bye-bye!
Quit playing games, Vector!
This fight's between
you and me.
Leave my friends out of it!
Don't blame me.
I'm not the one who brought
them into this, Yuma.
You are!
Make your decision, Yuma.
Save Astral, or your friends.
You can't do both!
What should I do?
I can't take it, Astral!
Stay calm, Yuma.
That's easy for you to say!
Astral doesn't care
about your friends.
Do you?
I can't choose between
Astral and my friends.
How could I ever do that?
Yuma please...
listen to me!
This is part of his strategy!
Maybe so!
But there's no
right answer, Astral!
What if I can't save anybody?
(Vector) Poor Yuma.
So many lives in your hands...
(Tori)
What's the
matter with you, Yuma?
Quit whining, this is a
total no-brainer!
It is, how?
We chose to come here!
But...
But nothing!
We all came here so
we could support you
and help you do your job, Yuma!
Your job is to do whatever
it takes to protect Astral!
That's what you promised to do!
So win!
All that matters
is that you win!
You're right.
You can do it, Yuma!
♪ ♪
Take over
the control systems, Flip!
Right!
Caswell, man the power systems!
Aye, aye!
Cat, you monitor
the energy core readings!
Roger!
(Orbital 7) Don't forget me!
Orbital!
Master Kite's orders.
Orbital 7 reporting for duty!
Systems access complete.
Security override!
All systems go!
Hard to starboard, Tori!
Tori, guys...
I know you that can do this!
(Caswell) There's a problem!
(Cathy)
The gravitational pull is
putting too much stress
on the energy core!
It could blow!
(Tori) I don't care.
Maximum power!
Just hang in there, team.
(Tori)
Just hang in there,
team!
I know we can do it!
Just a little more!
(Orbital 7)
We've escaped
the black hole!
All right!
You did it, guys!
Now it's your turn, Yuma.
If we can do it...
You can too!!
Categorically!
Thanks, guys.
You know...
If I hadn't made
all of you come here to...
(Shark)
Don't flatter
yourself, Yuma.
Nobody makes me do anything.
It's Barian payback time.
It was my own decision to come
and you couldn't
have stopped me.
Got it.
Thanks, Kite.
Now that your ego has
successfully been deflated...
why don't you do what you
came here to do?
Yeah, good idea.
Hey Astral...
You were right.
I'm really sorry!
Yuma.
Together we can do this.
Yeah.
Victory is ours!
Go Zexal Morph!
♪ ♪
It's time.
Astral!
Do you really think
you can be one with Yuma?
After what he's done, how can
you ever trust him?
Your good friend Yuma,
the one you had faith in...
He lied to you.
Look into the depths of your
own heart, Astral.
You know there
is something there.
Ray!
Astral?
Yes, there is something.
See it, Astral, feel it!
It is an
indelible black mark...
A mark against Yuma!
Accept his betrayal.
He put it there, Astral.
Yuma blackened your
heart when he betrayed you.
Now, that tiny, dark spot
has grown into a gaping
black hole of doubt...
and anger.
Don't listen to him!
Your own heart
was pure, Astral,
before Yuma tainted
it with his lies.
You're incapable
of such a betrayal.
That's why such
a tiny dot of doubt
was able to grow so immense
and so destructive.
Now it's so great
that it will consume you
in its infinite darkness!
You're wasting
your time Vector,
Astral knows he can trust me!
I think you'll find Astral
trusts only the darkness now.
What!
Your bond is no more!
Astral!
No, Astral!
What's happening?
Embrace the darkness!
Astral?
He's changed, hasn't he?
Yuma...
When two
distant souls become one,
the power of Zexal
is revealed...
Astral, stop.
Something's happened to you!
Correct!
My eyes have been
opened to the truth.
Oh, no!
No!
Yuma, Astral!
What is that?